this is one of the lamest diet fads in
the history of okay
there has never been any basis for the
claim that a human being cannot gain
weight from carbohydrates this is gonna
be a short video because the truth I'm
getting at here is dirt simple freelee
and durianrider have been selling the
appealing illusion for several years
that you yes you can have the body of
your dreams while eating unlimited
calories sign up now be happy and of
course
keep pushing why do I think I gained
weight honestly I think I've just been
eating too much being around till 4:00
it's really easy to get carried away
watching all these YouTube videos of
people eating like 10 bananas these huge
servings of pasta and really just being
like oh my god unlimited carbs I'm gonna
eat even if I'm full and that's exactly
what I do I eat so much just because I
can buy the diet book by the online
coaching course by the DVD watch freely
do yoga buy an airplane ticket to
Thailand shake the hands of the great
guru what a concept
unlimited calories while losing weight
no footnotes no strings attached no
caveats uh looking again at the videos
produced by unnatural vegan and others a
couple weeks ago whenever was it was
less thinking about this I realized that
although they contain good information
it's actually spread out in a very
diffuse way you'd have to quite a long
attention span to get at the point and
the point is so simple that it's one
almost nobody bothers to drive home and
here it is
does Bing rotor for Mane's I can ALM two
calories eight if that means to eight
thousand calories by exercising is tango
freelee and durianrider present one
thesis in two forms the strong form and
the weak form the strong form of the
thesis is that it is an objective
scientific fact that you cannot gain
weight on their die
no matter how many carbohydrates you eat
and there's no evidence to support that
claim so there they fall back on their
spurious and self-contradictory use of
the 1944 starvation experiments by Ansel
keys they fall back on some fancy
sounding terms like glycogen stores and
there they're actually claiming that
scientifically your body cannot convert
sugar into fat now I think they both
know this is not true it would certainly
be an amazing scientific discovery made
by an ex crackhead and his bimbo
girlfriend if it were impossible for
human beings unlike all other mammals to
gain fat on a diet of vegetables and
fruit in fact one of the things
vegetarians used to say in justifying
their diet when people would say
disbelief like oh well how can you grow
muscle or how can you gain fat if you
don't eat meat they would say oh well
look at all these animals in nature that
just eat a vegetarian diet that are
herbivores and they gain fat and they
build muscle well amazingly that
commonly observed fact that for example
you can feed a pig
nothing you can feed a pig nothing but
fresh fruit and it'll gain weight um no
no freelee and durianrider are
overturning the humilated scientific
knowledge of centuries with their
discovery and their declaration that
objectively you cannot gain weight no
matter how many carbs you eat
they sometimes phrase this is fresh
fruit but very often they include brown
sugar starches like pasta they like to
drink soda pop oh yeah nobody ever
gained weight drinking coca-cola right
nobody bothers refuting this form of the
thesis the strong form and when they're
pressed on it when someone says look are
you really claiming that I cannot gain
weight if I do no exercise
and eat 3,000 calories a day in the form
of carbs
what what are you actually aiming then
they retreat from the strong version of
the thesis to the weak version this
being waterfall means I can eat
unlimited calories either that means
3000 calories right since also news to
you but I'll answer this one you can
answer how you gonna get 3000 calories
in on water for foods unless you have a
raging appetite you can't it's
impossible in the weak form the instead
claim that this is merely a subjective
and psychological phenomenon so it's not
that your body is physically incapable
of making you fat when you eat 3,000
calories worth of carbohydrates no no
now instead they've changed things so
that psychologically you will feel so
satisfied by eating unlimited
carbohydrates on their diet that you
will in fact limit yourself naturally
and so now the claim becomes that it's
not unlimited that it's not that you can
eat as many calories as you can but
instead that it's only that you can eat
as many calories as you desire and they
think they know how much you desire
better than you do in fact they're so
confident that when one person after
another comes forward with a
well-documented case of what they ate on
the rato for diet whether it's unnatural
vegan or any of these other guys
documented okay they ate unlimited fruit
within these guidelines following
exactly the published diet and they did
gain weight freelee and durianrider
simply go into denial attack the person
claimed that they were secretly eating
hamburgers on the side claimed that they
were lying etc so it's a self-justifying
myth at that point so i guess you've got
three levels the objective claim the
subjective and psychological claim and
third is the simply the mythology so any
evidence to the contrary is denied and
sugar dampening not allowed nobody's
allowed to admit it exists yeah the
progress of science in our times during
right word freely boldly boldly going
where no dietary expert has gone before
and their total lack of expertise is
main tool in this voyage of discovery
poi um look the objective side of it is
a joke
yes glycogen storage is a concept it's
interesting that this line of arguments
are using is closely parallel to the
arguments that are actually made for
high fat diets high fat low carb diets
your body basically has a threshold in a
scientific sense of threshold you can
eat a little bit too much fat without
gaining body fat without gaining adipose
barley fabio's and that has been
scientifically studied and measured and
some diet books some diet fads really
draw attention this margin and suggest
you that you can fill up on fats while
losing weight for this reason and again
scientifically and practically this is
true in some cases for the same
psychological reason that durianrider
and freely trot out some people not all
people some people lose weight on a high
fat low carb diet because they
subjectively feel very full on it right
so that's not science
that's psychology and I mean the
ultimate example of this is simply the
use of caffeine as a diet drug every
year millions of people countless
millions and millions people use
caffeine to reduce their intake of food
one of the bodybuilders on YouTube
Cory McCarthy he has videos where he
admits that he's a bodybuilder but he
keeps his body fat profile low by using
caffeine to skip meals not optimal not
perfect but it's interesting that he's
honest about it and anyone can learn
from his experience if they want to but
caffeine as an ingredient in diet pills
and simply people drinking coffee and
skipping meals doesn't work for everyone
it's a subjective and psychological
effect some people when they eat
cheesecake I can remember the last time
a cheesecake many many years ago before
I became vegan obviously I remarried and
she's hated feeling as if my digestion
had stopped it's so much fat
all at once that not only did I not feel
hungry you know felt like I couldn't
digest anything for some people that
works not others huge numbers of people
gain weight doing a high fat low carb
diet because again this is not leaning
on objective scientific fact this is
leaning on the subjective and
psychological effect it has for you
how filling do you find a mango do you
find if you have a desk job you're not
working as a track athlete like like
freelee and durianrider you're not doing
500 kilometers on your bike do you eat a
mango and feel satisfied some people do
and some people don't you can only eat
what you need to eat on water for you
can't just like eat more bananas and
potatoes you need it's just impossible
being around till 4:00 it's really easy
to get carried away oh my god unlimited
carbs I'm gonna eat even if I'm full and
that's exactly what I do I eat so much
just because I can
umm can I eat unlimited calories even if
that means 3,000 calories without
exercise ganas tink oh yes you can
a tiny limit to calories and you have to
if long-term you want to get lean fit
and healthy and there's no evidence to
support that claim I know that we want
to be told that we can eat more and more
and more calories and not gain weight or
even lose weight or maybe we gain weight
but then eventually we lose weight and
we'll have the best body ever
I get it I fell for that too but the
thing is the calories in versus calories
out model it works the research supports
it and the real-world evidence supports
it or that doesn't mean that the other
extreme of unlimited calories makes
sense either there's simply no evidence
that eating more than your body needs is
going to make you lose weight and even
the anecdotal evidence doesn't support
it Google relative for weight gain or 30
bad weight gain and you'll find a slew
of people like myself who have gained
weight eating 2500 plus calories 3,000
plus calories a day from cards this is
one of the lamest diet fads in the
history of okay I mean there has never
been any basis for the claim that a
human being cannot gain weight for
carbohydrates you know de novo live Oh
Genesis is a fancy word for yeah of
course if you eat enough sugar whether
it's drinking coca-cola or eating
mangoes or bananas your body can and
will convert that sugar into fat
no kidding genius and all kinds of other
mammals in the animal kingdom's do it
also and I mean if their theory if
they're crazy weight loss theory were
true there would be a real problem with
being vegan it would be unsustainable
because you say well how can you
maintain regular body weight how can you
get in fat if you have such a low fat
diet the whole point is being vegan is
normal and natural for human beings like
many other mammals precisely because our
bodies are actually very good at storing
energy from eating simple sugars in the
form of body fat